c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll.config
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\WebApplication1.pdb
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.dll
c:\users\alame\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\obj\Debug\WebApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\alame\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\alame\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\E_HealthCare\WebApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
